the navigation program is at your
fingertips you can follow the car in
front of you without having to steer it
the car door opens magically on first
glance the f800 looks like your typical
stylish Mercedes underneath the cutting
edge design body of the mercedes-benz
research vehicle is packed with
technological innovations the f800 has a
multi drive platform designed to
accommodate either a plug-in hybrid or a
fuel cell powered engine fascination
responsibility means to driven different
future-oriented try friends under the
hood of this fr Kendall style the one
hand a plug-in hybrid was a sensational
low fuel consumption of only 2.9 liters
per 100 kilometers in the other hand a
pure electric drive with an integrated
fuel cell on board that leads to an
range of 600 kilometres was only a few
minutes filling out the time that's the
future the design of the cockpit was
defined by new and innovative features
including the touch pad in the center
console a video camera transmits a
translucent image of the fingers onto a
screen in the center of the dashboard
from telephone to audio climate control
and navigation all these features can be
simply operated with a cam touch pad hm
I with the f-actin that style we
demonstrate to our customer how the
future of premium sedans looks like
efficiency means style green
technologies and future oriented design
that's what the customer can expect from
Mercedes cameras like this serve as the
eyes of the car as shown in this
demonstration the cameras register how
close the car is to an object and how
fast the object is moving this
technology is at the core of traffic jam
assist a system that enables your car to
follow the one ahead of you without
having to actively steer even during
turns
besides showing off groundbreaking
technologies the f 800 also sets a new
benchmark for mercedes-benz design first
of all you should look sensual sexy is
the key word that's so the word that I
had in my mind whatever car I do
whatever shape it is it should look
sensual it should be so nice that for
anybody if they see the car they want to
go and touch it the cars design is a
variation of the classic Mercedes Benz
its appearance is marked by a long
wheelbase short body overhangs Anna
sensuously flowing roofline a
particularly customer-friendly
innovation of the f 800 style are its
rear doors while the front doors are
attached to the a pillar in a
conventional manner the rear doors slide
back when opened making it much easier
to get in and out of the car especially
when getting in and out of that tight
parking space